The brown teddy bear is the love of all children! It's the trademark of all toys, in the same way you can represent humanity. You are a perfect example of balanced traits, just as your old brown teddy is the best ratio of cute and sweet and fluffy, and is loved by everyone everywhere. You know how to handle mostly anything but also enjoy lots of different stuff. Go be best friends with brown teddy, you perfect person you.


You sure know the sweet, raspberry flavoured pink plushie you used to love as a kid. You always wondered where the smell came from. But now you know. You're totally just like that pink bear. You're very sweet. It's not something you can help, it simply comes from within. Kids like you, and big kids(and by that I mean adults) also really like you. You, little pinky, are as lovable as the sweetest plushie there is.


You either had one or knew a kid who had one and always dragged it around. It's the almighty green teddy, the one who endured the most stuff but the grass stains never showed because you couldn't tell them from the bear's actual fur. You're tough, you're resilient, and the most fun you can have is out on the playground, bruising your knees and coming back home all green and muddy. Others like you for your unending motivation and drive to just do stuff, just as you simply knew the little teddy got bored sitting by himself inside. You two guys rule.


This blue little fella is the one kids used as Godzilla along with their Lego building blocks, decimating buildings like you would squish a sponge. He didn't like tea parties, and neither do you. Upbeat and always looking for some fun to have with others, you're really much like him. Bluey never takes breaks unless he's asleep all snuggled up in a kid's arms and you may not even have heard of sleep. By now you two must have created your very own 2-minute long custom greeting involving high fiving, fist bumping and breakdancing at the same time. All the love to your endless nergy container.


The odd kid's best friend, little purple bear is always by your side. He's reliable and nice and never says anything bad to you. Teddy sure doesn't go out much either, but he's not bored. You, like the purple plushie, never get bored being by yourself. You are peaceful, calm, and the one or two friends you do have know that they can count on you. Purple teddy and you would be the best reading buddies ever. Go make some tea and enjoy yourselves.